The four projects I chose for my portfolio are the bot, the poem, the screensaver, and the novel.

My bot did not contain enough information as to what it was supposed to be about when I first submitted it.  The inspiration behind my bot
is a function in the game Toontown Rewritten called the "Pick-A-Name Generator."  This is a naming option to choose when you are first
creating your toon (avatar).  You can either pick a name combination from the given list or type your own.  Since the generator in the game
already has a specific style and structure, I decided to make it into a bot by giving players ideas to generate name combinations that
may have not been used in the game yet.  The amount of names I included in the bot in the beginning were less than half of the total amount of names, so I added the rest of the names from the list which can be found <a href="http://www.mmocentralforums.com/forums/showthread.php?t=341265" target="_blank">here</a>.  The title names have the shortest list because I did not include gender-specific names.  You cannot have a toon named "Aunt Alvin" etc. as that would be an illegal combination.  The bot can be viewed live <a href="https://twitter.com/ToontownNameBot" target="_blank">here</a>.

My poem

My <a href="https://editor.p5js.org/ChloeCassandra/full/ZXO0rN6g7" target="_blank">screensaver</a> was a simple animation that contained a ball bouncing around the screen and leaving a trail of circles behind.  Using this same code from Owen Roberts, I approached my screensaver to make it look like it is creating an art piece.  I was inspired by the pattern on wooden chairs and mosaic tiles.  The animation for the screensaver lasts 11 minutes, and when it stops completely, it finishes with a pattern where some spaces are not filled by circles.  The beginning stages of the screensaver contain a diamond pattern, and they gradually increase as the time elapses.  There is a point at around 8 minutes when the screensaver starts to fill with white circles.  You are still able to see the trail moving, but the effect works better when you squint your eyes.  It creates a white glowing beam as the animation continues until it stops completely.

My novel creates a story using the scripts from the movies <i>Detective Pikachu</i> and <i>National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation</i>.  When
I revisited the old .PDF, I noticed that there was some text my code recorded such as "font=color" and "/font" that were not from the scripts.  My first change was I modified the scripts themselves and removed all of the "fonts" phrases.  There were also some script lines from <i>Christmas Vacation</i> that were repeated, so I also removed those.  My previous novel was 53 pages that only contained large blocks of text that filled each page.  The improvements on my new novel were I added paragraph breaks, the title of the novel in the .PDF, and I also added ten chapters which extended the page count to 61.  I began all of my paragraphs with "Merry Christmas!  Don't let your Pokemon breathe the purple gas!" because this was a sentence that generated in one of my practice novels, and I found it hilarious.  It also plays well with the nature of <i>Christmas Vacation</i> and includes Pokemon elements from <i>Detective Pikachu</i>.
